hello guys and welcome back to four
pillar survival I was gonna say floor
well not floor but for player survival
but that's just regular survival with a
bunch of dicks right so why are they
dicks I don't know I don't know your
friends I don't well I know my friends
and they're not digs I don't think I
hope that was an interesting start
anyway last episode stuff happened it
was bad and you guys really enjoyed the
fail so yeah episode 2 was also a lot of
failing you may be thinking well this is
episode 2 isn't it well no I i well
let's just say I lost the footage to
that one if you thought i failed a lot
in episode 10 yeah I didn't go well so
we went over there and we explored some
stuff and I still don't have up defining
still so I can't zoom can hear me
pressing ctrl it's it's not working not
working they need to add that in regular
minecraft that would be amazing and and
we didn't really find too much we found
out that there are NPC's in the pillars
which is interesting I don't know why I
would exchange a golden carrot for 10
emeralds maybe yet no no that's a bad
deal that's a bad deal that that is an
awful deal unless you need snowballs for
something later in this map I mean I
can't think what maybe so this is it
yeah that's an awful deal so there's guy
he's not got much and you know I find
these NBC's really annoying I am sure
that later in game they are vital okay
but if you want to go down these towers
because i'm pretty sure in this tower
there's something at the bottom of it or
this there's like there's got to be a
chest halfway down or something like
that right if you want to get down there
you know the automatic thought is okay
I'm just gonna pillar down my hallway
well yeah apparently you can't kill the
NPC's on this map which you know I guess
it's like a safety feature I guess you
need the NPC's here which you know is
fine that's cool I'm down for that that
sounds like a good plan but Sir but then
you can't dig below you because you're
just overly hitting these npcs don't
want coming it like this you're just
overly hitting these npcs and you can't
kill them
so it is just one big cycle and it is
really really annoying I don't even know
where I'm going I'm just gonna climb up
here hopefully there's something at the
top if there's not then it's a complete
waste of time and that's fine whatever
how big it's this thing my god you don't
need that much I am yeah there's
something up here what we got now I got
for emeralds hmm this this map seems to
be really currency based which I'm not
sure how I feel about that because like
I don't know with survival maps they're
not men Demi currency based or at least
in my mind they're not they're meant to
be you know survival base and I guess
currency plays into survival i guess i'm
probably going on about a topic that
honestly I have no idea about I it's not
like i've created a survival map if i
was going to let's be honest we all know
what it would be it would be yoshi's
island as that is that survival map been
made that would be awesome I need to go
and look that up after i finished
recording that video or this video even
seriously yoshi's island survival map I
don't know how it would work but it
would be awesome I want that and I need
to sleep soon oh god I don't even have a
bed I don't sleep sleep is for the weak
and for people who aren't good enough at
maps to make beds I guess let's just say
that I go under the first category right
let's fool ourselves just pretend that
in all honesty I'm really good at this
map yeah r it really really good I know
how to play and your currency I'm not
sure how I feel about that personally I
have as I said guys this is kind of like
a Midway series between wheel of
misfortune in the next map but I have
chosen the next map but I kind of just I
think I might have to go and check it
out I want to check that there's no
currency involved because I don't think
there's anything wrong with it I just
feel that it's not something that I want
to play as a longer series and that's
not saying this map is bad now this
that's pretty awesome but I'm just
saying that's one aspect of it I know
really like tell me in the comments guys
how do you feel about that yourselves do
you have do you have any strong opinions
or are you like me on one of those
people that someone will ask you
something I'm just like I have no
opinion on anything I really don't care
you know I found myself in that
situation more and more and it's
actually really sad if it's not to do
with video games technology the internet
or kind of like viral marketing or
anything like that because I'm quite
interested in that kind of stuff like if
it's like politics or something aside
from the odd occasion I'm just like you
know what I know this is bad but i just
kind of don't care i'm sure it will be
I'm sure it's just like a phase in my
life and it will pass but I was telling
a friend of mine that and he got really
offended that I wasn't heavily involved
in politics i was just like Howard at
first how does this like damage you at
all and secondly I don't know it's just
how I feel you can't change my mind you
can't make people think certain things
that they don't care about this it's not
how the world works sucker this is a
much better way to dig I should have
done this last time just leave him on
the block there with the fences around
him I don't think he can get out I'm
sure actually well I'm sure he can but
I'm sure he can pass through that bit
there but I'm sure he won't move you
might move where you know oh no no I
don't do that wrong I'm wrong block not
wrong block that could be considered
racist Oh God okay right I have to find
my way out here so I a stone pickaxe is
no I don't even want you I don't even I
died I don't even I don't even want you
here you know what you are good sir you
know what you are you are a cocky little
npc I was gonna say bastard but I don't
I think that's a bit strong I'm not me
Oh
it oh really really for better survival
you hate me so much I should have been
looking where I was going but that's not
the point kind of is the point but still
four pillar survival you you despise me
and we're stuck in the infinite spawn
glitch again oh no again we're good
there's no way I can save my stuff I
just want to go and try and kill that
spider just to get vengeance it is he
not that wow that is the ultimate dick
spider kills me and then just go so I
can't take revenge wow wow spiders are
dicks thank anyway guys like I gay I
guess I'll take out on a zombie so I
guess this is it for episode 2 thank you
for watching for pillar survival we're
doing great we're doing awesome I'm
gonna die in lava to finish this off why
I I set on fire before I jumped in there
did any of you see that that was strange
so yeah thanks for joining me guys don't
forget the right point and subscribe if
you enjoyed this episode of four pillar
survival doing great whoo I'll see you
guys next time bye